# Feature: [Receipt image analyzer]

## Requirements
- Receipt image will be analyzed by Claude API.
- Claude will return resulting transaction and items (if any) in suitable JSON format.
- Successfully analyzed data will be stored as "analyzed receipt" in DB, storing the image path & JSON response for audit. Don't store the actual image on local folder.
- Successfully analyzed image will be stored in Google Drive using API. This process is done async. The image URL should be public, the end goal would be to show the image in the app later.
- After upload is done, append the image path to the analyzed receipt entry. Hence, analyzed receipt entry should be created first right after Claude finished analyzing.
- Analyzed receipt should contain optional reference to the assigned final transaction ID. 

## User Flow / Behavior
- Users can upload receipt image and returned the resulting transaction, items (if any).
- Users can create / edit transactions with selected analyzed receipt data. The goal is to mark whether this uploaded data is actually being selected as actual transactions. Even though users might edit the data before saving.

## Technical Notes
- Timeout is expected to be longer for this endpoint, due to Claude might take longer time to analyze image.
- Use cheaper model (not Opus) for image analysis.
- Image name format should be `<added YYYYMMDD>-receipt-<actual YYYYMMDD (if any; else just same as added)>-<merchant (if any; else skip alongside with the dash)>-<random 10 digit alphanumeric>`
