# Feature: [Receipt email analyzer]

## Requirements
- Receipt email will be analyzed by Claude API.
- Claude will return resulting transaction and items (if any) in suitable JSON format.
- Successfully analyzed data will be stored as analyzed receipt in DB, storing the email content & JSON response for audit.
- Currently only Gmail would be supported.
- System might return multiple transactions if there are multiple emails.
- System should be able to detect already analyzed emails and only proceed with unique ones.

## User Flow / Behavior
- Users can choose start date, end date, and limit (optional).
  - System will search for relevant emails and returned the resulting multiple transactions with items (if any).
  - Limit number means it returns at most {limit} number of transactions. If top {limit} emails are already stored, then return the next {limit} number.
- Users can get list of analyzed emails together with the converted transactions + items (if any).
- Users can get list of analyzed receipt images together with the converted transactions + items (if any).

## Technical Notes
- Timeout is expected to be longer for this endpoint, due to Claude might take longer time to analyze email.
- Use cheaper model (not Opus) for email analysis.
- Each email data should call Claude separately using Goroutine. But insert them after all goroutines are finished to avoid race or locking.
- Store selected email sources in a private env, as it might be confidential.
- Split analyzed receipts tables for email and image.
- Sanitize email body prior analysis:
  - Remove all the HTML objects, keep only the texts.
  - This is stored as body content.
